Tim Cook: Michael, it's Tim. As you probably know, we started the line with the iPhone Pro Max at 256, and so we are seeing a different mix, if you will, this year than last year. Outside of that, not significant changes.
Tim Cook: Yeah. We're thrilled to have announced the M3 lineup and get the new MacBook Pro, the new iMac out there. We couldn't be more excited about it. We -- as Luca said, with the lineup that we've got and the compare issue that we don't have during Q1, we anticipate a significant acceleration in the Mac space for Q1. To just repeat a little bit about the circumstances of the performance last quarter, in the year-ago June quarter, we had a factory disruption that lasted several weeks. The pent-up demand that resulted from that was filled in the September quarter, and that made the September quarter not only a record, but a substantial record. And obviously, we're now comparing against that for '23 and so that, I wouldn't look at the negative 34% as representative of the underlying business performance. It's sort of the net of it.
Tim Cook: Yeah. If you look at how we did in Greater China for the quarter, we came in at, on a revenue basis, minus 2. But one thing to keep in mind here is that the FX impact was nearly 6 points. So we grew in constant currency. And underneath that, if you look at the different -- the categories, iPhone actually set a September quarter record in mainland China. And the -- what pulled down the performance was a combination, largely of Mac and iPad. Services also grew during the quarter and the Mac and iPad suffered from the same issues that the company did with the compare issues to factory disruptions in Q3 that were filled subsequently in Q4 of '22. We had the -- in addition to that, we had the top four selling phones in urban China for last year, and I was -- I just took a trip over there and could not be more excited about the interactions I had with the customers and employees and others.
Tim Cook: On the U.S. carriers and the U.S. business in general, it's really too early to call the iPhone cycle, particularly with the constraint around the Pro and the Pro Max and the U.S. tends to do quite well with those products. It's really too early to tell what the upgrade rates will be and what the switcher rates will be.
Tim Cook: Yeah. That's a great question. There is a tremendous amount of excitement around the Vision Pro and we're -- we've been very happy to share it with developers, and we have developer labs set up in different parts of the world so that they can actually get their hands on it and are working on apps and I've been fortunate enough to see a number of those. And there is some real blow away kinds of things that are coming out, and so that all looks good. To answer your question about is it similar to AirPods or Apple Watch, I would say, no. There's never been a product like the Vision Pro. And so, we're purposely bringing it out in our stores only, so we can really put a great deal of attention on the last mile of it. We'll be offering demos in the stores and it will be very different process than the -- a normal grab-and-go kind of process.
Tim Cook: If you kind of zoom out and look at what we've done on AI and machine learning and how we've used it, we view AI and machine learning as fundamental technologies, and they're integral to virtually every product that we ship. And so just recently, when we shipped iOS 17, it had features like Personal Voice and Live Voicemail. AI is at the heart of these features. And then, you can go all the way to then lifesaving features on the launch end of phone like fall detection, crash detection, ECG on the watch. These would not be possible without AI. And so, we don't label them as such, if you will. We label them as to what their consumer benefit is. But at the fundamental technology behind it is AI and machine learning. In terms of generative AI, we have -- obviously, we have work going on. I'm not going to get into details about what it is, because -- as you know, we don't -- we really don't do that. But you can bet that we're investing, we're investing quite a bit, we're going to do it responsibly and it will -- you will see product advancements over time that where the -- those technologies are at the heart of them.
Tim Cook: It's really enabled us to build products that we could not build without doing it ourselves. And as you know, we like to own the primary technologies in the products that we ship and arguably, the silicon is at the heart of the primary technologies, and so, no, I don't see going back. I am happier today than I was yesterday, than I was last week that we made the transition that we've made, and I see that benefit every day of it.
Tim Cook: In the September quarter, we set an iPhone record -- revenue record in China and we're very proud of that and we obviously grew. The market predictions that I've seen, we've had the market contracting. And so if that's -- if those are correct, then we gained share last quarter. And so we are very proud of that, I don't know what every quarter will hold. And obviously, we just give a bit of color on the current quarter. But over the long term, I view China as an incredibly important market and I'm very optimistic about it.
Tim Cook: Yeah. It's a great question. We had an all-time revenue record in India. We grew very strong double-digits. It's an incredibly exciting market for us and a major focus of ours. We have low share in a large market, and so it would seem there's a lot of headroom there. The ASPs, I haven't looked at them most recently, but I'm sure that they're lower than the worldwide. But that doesn't bother us at all. It just -- and in terms of the similarity, I would say, each country has its own journey. And I wouldn't want to play the comparison game. But we see an extraordinary market, a lot of people moving into the middle class, distribution is getting better, lots of positives. We put two retail stores there, as you know. They're doing better than we anticipated. It's still early going, but they're off to a good start and I couldn't be happier with how things are going at the moment.
Tim Cook: Our supply chain is truly global, and so we're investing all over the world, including in the United States, we were very focused on advanced manufacturing for the U.S. and have worked on a number of different projects in the U.S., whether that's our venture with Corning on the glass or Face ID module or semiconductors. And so all of these are our advanced manufacturing and I think exactly the kinds of things that the U.S. would be and are very, very good at. We also invested in other regions of the world and we're continually optimizing the chain. And so we -- the moment we learned something that didn't work exactly right, we are tweaking it. And so we're going to continue to do that. But at the end of day, it will still be a global supply chain.
Tim Cook: Sure. It's a number of things, Richard. It's the -- some things I can't talk about, its Vision Pro, it's AI and ML, it's the silicon investment that we're making, the transition with the Mac and other silicon. It's sort of all of those things and -- but I think you would find that the R&D expenditure in the aggregate looks very competitive versus others.
Luca Maestri: Well, as you've seen from our results in Q4 and the guidance for Q1, we're obviously experiencing very strong levels of gross margin. The 45.2% was a record for the September quarter. And then, the guidance for Q1 is obviously strong at 45% to 46%. Our gross margins are affected by multiple factors. Obviously, the commodity environment is one of them, as you mentioned. It's been a good environment in recent quarters. But equally important is the mix of what we sell. And obviously, growth in Services for us is favorable, and that has helped our company gross margin. Foreign exchange, on the other hand, has been a drag for us for several quarters, given the strength of the dollar. We don't provide guidance past the December quarter, which is a very important one for us because it's the beginning of the product cycle for many products. And so we feel very good, very confident about, this coming year, and I think the gross margin guidance reflects that.
Luca Maestri: Yes. It's correct. We are constrained today on iPhone 15 Pro and iPhone 15 Pro Max. We're working very hard to get the product in the hands of all the customers that have ordered it. We expect, as of today, that we're going to be in supply demand balance by the end of the quarter. So the guidance reflects that.
Luca Maestri: Well, the big areas of investment for us are tooling and equipment for manufacturing plants. Our investments in data centers and our investments in our own facilities, both corporate facilities and retail stores. And so, both for the tooling in our plants and our data center investments, we tend to have a bit of a hybrid model where we share some of the investments with our partners and suppliers and so maybe that's why you see sometimes a bit of variability. But over the last few years, we've made all the investments that we needed to make. And obviously, we're planning to make all the investments that we believe are needed and appropriate in order to continue to innovate.
Luca Maestri: On the margin side, if I understood your question correctly about the December quarter guidance, keep in mind that actually December is the quarter where our products business is tends to be very heavy because of the holiday season. And so the services gross margins that are accretive to total company had an impact, but not as meaningful as other quarters during the year and so I think that the main drivers of the guidance that we provided are the fact that we are seeing improved costs, and improved mix on our -- on the product side of the business, partially offset by foreign exchange, which continues to be a drag, both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis.
Luca Maestri: We had a really strong quarter across the border, Amit, because both geographically and from a product category standpoint, we saw very significant growth, I mentioned the records on a geographic basis. And from a category standpoint, literally, we set records in each one of the big categories. We had all-time record for App Store, for advertising, for cloud, video, AppleCare, payments and a September quarter record for Music. So it's hard to pick, one in particular because they all did well. And really then, we step back and we think about why is it that our Services business is doing well and it's because we have an installed base of customers that continues to grow at a very nice space and the engagement in our ecosystem continues to grow. We have more transacting accounts, we have more paid accounts, we have more subscriptions on the platform and we continue to add. We continue to add content and features. We're adding a lot of content on TV+, new games on Apple Arcade, new features, new storage plans for iCloud. So it's a combination of all these things and the fact that the engagement in the ecosystem is improving, and therefore, it benefits every service category.
Luca Maestri: They are important relationships. And as you know, we don't get into our commercial relationships in the call. I see them as important and we make decisions that are in the best interest of our users or what we feel is in the best interest of our users. And that's kind of what we've done in the past and how we've -- how we'll run the show in the future as well.
Luca Maestri: Well, on the product side, as you know, we -- when we launch new products, the cost structures of those products tend to be higher than the products that they replace. It happens because we are always adding new technologies, new features, and then, we worked through the cost curve over the lifecycle of the product and we tend to get benefits as time goes by. The guidance that we provided for December reflects all that and so we're starting from a better position than a year ago or than, in the past, in general. There are other factors that play a role. For example, the mix of products that we sell. Not every product has the same gross margin profile, and so our guidance, our results are reflective of that. And also, within a specific product category, a lot depends on the kind of models that we sell because they have different margin profiles. I think one of the things that we've done well over the last few years is to offer more affordability solutions to our customers in the form of instalment plans, trading options, and spend -- low-cost financing in general. And what that has accomplished is reduced the affordability threshold for our customers and therefore, they can, buy at the top of our product ranges. That has been a big factor in the reason for our margin expansion. We don't provide guidance or color past the current quarter because there's so many different variables that affect gross margins, but we obviously feel very good about the trajectory that we've had in 2023 and now, the guidance that we provide for the beginning of our fiscal '24. And we need some of these things because, obviously, their foreign exchange environment has been difficult and has been a bit of a drag for us. But net-net, we're very pleased where we are.
Luca Maestri: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Ben. I mentioned during the prepared remarks the extra week is 7 points of revenue. We did have disruptions, supply disruptions last year on the phone, on the 14 Pro and Pro Max in the December quarter a year ago. And when we normalize for those two factors, and I said it during the call, we still expect to grow on iPhone. So you take into account the, the loss of the extra week, you compare it with the supply disruptions that are not going to repeat, hopefully, this year. And when you normalize for those two things, we still expect to grow on iPhone.
Luca Maestri: And I would add, Richard, on this front. Some of the investments that we're making in R&D are also one of the drivers for the gross margin expansion. So I think it's important to think about it that way.
Luca Maestri: Well, some of the metrics that I mentioned before, obviously, we look at the installed base of active devices. We see, we want to make sure that, the customers that we acquire remain with us and so we have good visibility over that, and we pay a lot of attention to the behavior of the installed base, both by product and by geography. And then, we look at the daily engagement in the ecosystem. So that's why we pay a lot of attention on things like transacting accounts, paid accounts, we want to see if, in fact, we are able to move our customers from a free model to a paid model over time. That's obviously very, very important for us. And so, on this, we keep track of all these things and that's -- and then what we do, because I think it's really important is that over time, we add new services and that, obviously, like, for example, the progress that we've made in payments in recent years, very, very important because we've attracted more and more people that are actually now using additional features on our devices and we are able to monetize that, right. So we take all that into account, we understand what happens when a customer joins us, when they buy a primary device versus a used device, we understand their behavior, in different markets and so on. So we have, I think, pretty good visibility. And I think the progress that we're making in Services, we did $85 billion in the last 12 months. It's -- that's a size of a Fortune 50 and significantly bigger than it was just a couple of years ago.
