Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and  gentlemen. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. My  name is Ronnie, and I'll be your conference operator today.  [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Cootey,  Chief Financial Officer. Please go ahead. 

Stephen Cootey: Thank you, and good afternoon. Joining the call on behalf of the  company today are Steve Wynn, Matt Maddox, Maurice Wooden and  myself here in Las Vegas. Also on the phone are the operational  management teams from our Las Vegas, Macau and Boston properties.  Before we get started, I just want to remind everyone that we  will be making forward-looking statements under the safe harbor  federal securities laws, and those statements may or may not come true.  And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Mr. Wynn. 

Stephen Wynn: Very nice to have this call. You've seen our numbers, up. I have  a couple of comments. We opened the Palace in Macau on August  22nd. We opened the Wynn Macau on Labor Day of 2006. It took us  about a year to get that property to produce operating profits of $1 million a day. We were able in the -- in September, October,  November, December to get to over $800,000 a day. And the way we  operate, we tend to ramp up and put very little marketing  pressure on a property to find out what its baseline strength is.             I've said this before, but it's worth repeating because I'm happy  to say that since the 1st of the year -- and during that period,  the Macau and Encore properties maintained their levels of  revenue without being negatively or adversely affected by the new  hotel in Cotai and so that revenue was additive.  However, in -- since the 1st of the year, without Chinese New  Year, which is going to begin today, we were able to have the  Wynn Palace come up to a $1.6 million a day, and Wynn in Macau in  $1.4 million a day. So the 2 hotels have been throwing off about  $3 million a day, and I'm very glad. It means that our situation  is right on target, right on schedule. As a matter of fact, we're  a little ahead now, with our hotel occupancy at the Palace, ahead  of our predictions. We're running in the 90s at rate, and we're  pushing rates upwards in our occupancy, which has caused us to  have very good mass market success in Cotai.  We're still barricaded on 4 sides by construction by both by the  city's light rail system and by construction on 2 sides, by SJM  and MGM. And at this point, we're not really clear on when those  properties will open. But we are pretty clear that the light rail  and our barricades, that have interfered with foot traffic, will  be relieved by the spring.  So I think if you're planning and looking at our operation in  Cotai, you can pretty much figure that we're going to be  barricade-free by the second half of this year, sometime during  the second quarter. So the fact that we're experiencing this good  mass market activity is a function of our high occupancy at  Cotai, which produces a higher end customer consistent with our  position in the market, both in the Macau original downtown area  and the Cotai area.  Our fourth quarter was satisfactory in Las Vegas, and January is  operating ahead of last year as we head into Chinese New Year,  which kicks in pretty much tonight, tomorrow and this weekend. So  we expect a happy ending or at least a vigorous ending in terms  of casino activity at the end of January going into Super Bowl in  February and the holidays in the first quarter.  That's pretty much my take as an overlook on our operations.  We've been in construction since July in Boston. Bob DeSalvio is  on the telephone. One of the most unusual parts about our  business is that our 2 Chinese op -- our Chinese operations are  run by 2 Irishmen. And Ciarán and Ian are both on the call. And  Matt and I are here with Maurice Wooden, who runs America, to  answer any of your questions. And we'd be happy to take them now.  Questions? Ma'am, you can begin to take questions on this call if  I'm still on it. Does nobody have any questions today? 

Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have a question from the line of  Felicia Hendrix. 

Felicia Hendrix: So the color you just gave us in the opening remarks were very  helpful, where Wynn Palace has ramped to on EBITDA per day. And I  was just wondering if you could just talk to us about what has  happened to that property since the last quarter to get there?  Has it been more tweaking the product, more proactive marketing?  Has it benefited from the growth in the market? All of the above?  I just think it would be helpful to get some details around what  has been driving that. And then in line with that, regarding the  margins that you're generating at the property, the EBITDA  margins, like, have you gotten to above 20%? How long does it  take to get to normalized margins at the property? 

Stephen Wynn: You know what? I think that Ian is perfect. He is -- he got up at  5:30 in the morning to talk to you, and I think we ought to let  him do so. 

Ian Coughlan: Felicia, we've done a significant amount of work at Wynn Palace  after the property opened. We completely reconfigured our main  casino floor, and that's driven much greater animation and  excitement. We've added 2 themes, slot sections, a high promotion  -- high-energy promotions area, a new poker area. We've also  increased accessibility to our high-limits area. We're  constructing a new noodle restaurant on the floor, which has made  the casino smaller and also helps with the energy. We have  increased our marketing activity both from an awareness  perspective and also with general players that are visiting. And we have increased headcount. We've become a member of the much-  fabled Cotai Connection, which is bringing in just over 1,000  extra people a day. And the ramp-up in occupancy from the low 70s to mid-90s has been a big help in animating the property. And just generally, we're finding after you get through the chaos of the first 6 to 8 weeks, a property settles and the true players in Cotai are finding our property and discovering it and visiting  us. We were very much helped by exposure over the October Golden  Week. And particularly, Christmas and New Year was a very busy  period for us. So people are experiencing the property, the right  type of players are coming and they're finding it to be their  home. There has also been a very, very active program of  reenergizing inactive players, players that had either split  their play from Wynn Macau into the new properties in Cotai or  had moved over to Cotai completely. And we've reenergized a lot  of those players and they're coming to our property. So we've  been helped by a lift in the market also, but it's pretty much  everything that Steve covered earlier. 

Stephen Wynn: One of the things that is being demonstrated, once again, it's  not the amount of tables, it's whose active, and we're probably a  perfect example of that. Wouldn't you say so, Ian? 

Ian Coughlan: Yes. 

Stephen Wynn: Yes, I don't know what our market share is going to show, but I  suspect that it will climb from the last quarter. 

Ian Coughlan: Chinese New Year is a great exposure opportunity for us as well.  It's the first prolonged holiday period. So we expect very, very  high visitation from people that would normally attend other  properties. 

Felicia Hendrix: And if we did our quick math correctly, it looks like VIP versus  mass mix is roughly 60/40. Where do you want that property to end  up? 

Stephen Wynn: What about that Ian? 

Ian Coughlan: I mean, we're growing all segments of the business. We've seen --  the interesting thing in the split between Wynn Macau downtown  and Wynn Palace is the strength of our junkets and also the fact  that our mass play downtown hasn't been affected a drop. So we're  continuing to grow all segments at Wynn Palace. But where the  split works out, we'll see. But I think it will be healthy and  pretty similar to our operation downtown. 

Stephen Wynn: Right. And it could -- I should add this. Because we get such big  play, volatility plays a role month-to-month in that sort of  thing, probably more so with us than with some of our neighbors,  and that's also true in Las Vegas. But having mentioned that,  volatility is a factor when you look at our company compared to  our colleagues up and down the street here and abroad. But  remember, that volatility factor does have a concomitant benefit.  We always, year-in and year-out, run a higher hold percentage  than our neighbors. And that's a historical fact, and it has to  do with the kind of people that come to a place that is geared  toward the top end of the market. Even though we have more  volatility, we still settle at a higher level than everybody  else. 

Felicia Hendrix: And just on the EBITDA -- the margin question? 

Stephen Wynn: 30% in Las Vegas. And Matt, what is it China? Very close? 

Matt Maddox: Yes. I mean, it's -- Wynn Macau has always been in that 30% range.  And your question was when can we get Wynn Palace ramped up over 20%?  I think that is certainly going in that direction right now. So  we're seeing [indiscernible] on everything. 

Felicia Hendrix: Yes, that's what I was asking. Like so -- are you over 20% now? Not  in the quarter, but through this? 

Matt Maddox: Yes, yes, yes. 

Stephen Wynn: Yes, we're on our way there. So... 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carlo Santarelli with  Deutsche Bank. 

Carlo Santarelli: Matt, just quickly in terms of Peninsula low mass hold, high VIP  hold, looked a little lower on VIP at Palace. The net effect of  all of that stuff with respect to EBITDA, any kind of guidance on  that? 

Stephen Cootey: It's about -- this is Steve. About $6 million light. 

Stephen Wynn: 6 -- we're $6 million light. We just had another $6 million. 

Carlo Santarelli: Would have been another $6 million. Okay, great. And then, Steve,  on your comments regarding kind of October, November, December, I  think $840 million a day was the EBITDA at Palace. You said over  $800,000 a day for -- was that for each of the 3 months? 

Stephen Wynn: I -- Ian, is that -- is it? I didn't look at that, that way, or  at least I had forgotten. Matt, [indiscernible] 

Matt Maddox: It's around... 

Ian Coughlan: In consecutive months. 

Carlo Santarelli: Great. Okay. That's helpful. And then, Ian or Ciarán, and just  whoever wants to opine. But in terms of what you guys are seeing  in the market right now, and I'm speaking more so towards the VIP side. Clearly from the DICJ results for the fourth quarter, VIP has meaningfully changed. What is your opinion on that as we look out to 2017? And do you think we're at the beginning of a  sustained rally in that market? 

Ian Coughlan: It's been fits and starts throughout 2016. People talked about a  VIP recovery, but we really have seen a recovery over the last  2.5, 3 months. There's a lot more confidence. There appears to be more liquidity in the market, particularly with the junkets, and it's being sustained. So the outlook is pretty promising. 

Stephen Wynn: I have said this before and I want to repeat it again. It is very  important to keep a long view of China. The leadership of that  country, and this is also true of Macau, it is a meritocracy and  there are smart people running the government. They don't move as fast as we do in the United States, especially these days with our new administration, but there is a steady program afoot. Xi Jinping decided that it was a priority of his administration to  eliminate the perception of corruption that was held by the  people with regard to government. And that effort was vigorous  and protracted and it did have an effect. But it seemed to be the right thing to do for the right reasons, and it had an effect on luxury brands and -- such as gaming and Louis Vuitton and Chanel and Mercedes-Benz and that sort of thing. But the long-term thrust of China is inexorable and undeniable. And that's why we build what we built, and we're going to build more in the future  because we have real estate to do it. We have a very, very  bullish, bullish attitude about China long term for our company.  And as we manage our properties, we -- in anticipation of that  kind of movement in the general economy, we're being rewarded.  And I think it's probably a sound way of looking at China and our business long term. 

Carlo Santarelli: Great. And then, if I could, just one follow-up. I know you  mentioned Bob's on the phone. It looks as if costs for Boston are up maybe $300 million at the midpoint. Could you talk a little bit about maybe what that relates to? 

Matt Maddox: Yes, the -- this is Matt Maddox. So we're working through our GMP right now. The previous budget had been in there for a number of years. We put a fairly conservative estimate out of -- in our  current earnings release. And I think over the next 90 days,  we'll have much more clarity as we nail our -- as we finalize our  guaranteed maximum price contract. 

Stephen Wynn: But it's moving along. I mean, they're proceeding at pace. We've  been in construction since July, and we're satisfied with the  progress. 

Matt Maddox: It's -- we've spent about $467 million to date. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Greff with JPMorgan. 

Joseph Greff: Just a question on Wynn Palace. I think it was Ian who mentioned  about some of the physical changes that you guys are making to  the property. Amongst some other things that you're doing is  maybe marketing differently or to different customers. Can you  talk about marketing expenses? Are they elevated relative to what  you think might be a normalized level? And to what extent do you  think they might normalize over time over what time frame? 

Stephen Wynn: That's an interesting question. Ian, do you want to take a crack  at that? You or Ciarán? Or [indiscernible] 

Ian Coughlan: Sure. Linked with the opening and marketing expenses were in the  range that we anticipated, but they were slightly higher than  what we'll have as a run rate for the remainder of the year.  We've already seen the marketing expenses start to come down. So  they're within the Cotai range. It's a different market place  than downtown. Marketing reinvestment is generally higher than  Cotai, but it's where we anticipated it to be. 

Joseph Greff: Great. And, Ciarán, welcome to the fun conference calls here.  Maybe you can talk about, since you're new, where you see the  opportunities for Wynn Palace to improve? And Steve Wynn, maybe,  Steve, you can talk a little bit about maybe some of the  opportunities that are more obvious now that were less obvious  upon the opening in terms of ways to improve revenue and  profitability there from here. 

Ciarán Carruthers: Go ahead. 

Stephen Wynn: Go ahead, Ciarán. 

Ciarán Carruthers: Thank you for the welcome. I'll let Ian talk to the opportunities  there for Wynn Palace as my fault as now is going to be to  continue to maintain the position and the performance of the  downtown Wynn Macau property. Obviously, the Peninsula remains a  very solid proposition for the very core market of high-level  game as they're coming into Macau. And I think the performance in  Q4 is solid as that has been despite the opening of Wynn Palace,  despite the opening of some of the other new properties on Cotai.  All is very well moving forward into future. Obviously, work to  be done to continue to maintain that position and maintain the  service planners and so on. It's been incredibly welcome and  enjoying the property and seeing just how much commitment there  has been, both from Las Vegas in terms of the spend to maintain  the physical property and also the commitment and the hard work  of the team of professionals that are there and -- that provide just  excellent service. We've just got to continue to build on that. 

Stephen Wynn: Look, the way to look at us and that'll give you the insight to  project us, we have a very definite approach to this whole notion  of the gaming business and integrated resorts. And our approach  is based upon 2 solid truths. Number one, better customers.  People who have the money to choose, who engage in visiting  hotels and facilities of this type have a common thread that is  undeniable. And that is they go where they're treated the best  and where the facilities are superior. If you are a player who  attends these places, you have a choice and you always go -- in  the long run, always go with the rooms are better, where the  facility is immaculately maintained and where the staff has had  invested in it tremendous amount of energy for training and  personal attention to the guest. That is to say, we're very  customized in the way we treat our people and the way we present  our facilities. In the long run, that garners the strongest  possible clientele. And again, I point out, it's who's in the  building, who's sleeping in the rooms that determines the  results, both in gaming and non-gaming results. It is true that  there is a second approach to this business, which is more akin  to Walmart and the mass approach. And the Sands and the Galaxy  and the Melco people do that beautifully. We come to these people  with a different message, that if you have the money and the  inclination to visit such places, ours offers the most luxurious  environment and the best service and the best food. And in the  end -- and our shops are catered to the kind of people we expect  to be staying in the rooms. That's to say that our facility is,  at the end of the day, truly integrated, but it's integrated with  a philosophy that's integrated. And that tells you our story.  That's the Wynn story plain and simple. It's never been any  different, whether it was the Golden Nugget downtown, the Golden  Nugget of Atlantic City, Beau Rivage in Mississippi, the Wynn and  the Encore in the central part of Macau or the new Palace at  Cotai. And that will be exactly what happens in Boston. And  that's going to be our story, and it won't change. And you've got  a long history of our operations from Rivage and Bellagio and the  Golden Nugget to the buildings that we're operating today. There  is nothing mysterious or secretive or in a certain sense,  particularly cunning, about what we do. It's very  straightforward, right out in the open where everybody can see  it. Our competitors choose to approach their challenge in a  slightly different way, and it's certainly valid based upon the  earnings and the results of those places, but we slot in  somewhere else. And in the long run, it gives us tremendous  stability and performance that a room for room, foot by foot in  any building that we built, they tend to over-perform. And we're  comfortable doing this. I would say that we probably -- our  management team is a collection of men and women who are  attracted to the pursuit of excellence. We share a common  understanding of who we are and what we present to our guests. So  we're at least consistent, but we're definitely different in our  approach than some of the other places. And that's not to say  that their approach is less valid than ours. But ours is well-  defined and historically consistent. 

Joseph Greff: Steve, can you give us the latest update on Paradise Park and the  developments on the golf course? 

Stephen Wynn: Well, that takes up most of my time. And we're very close to  having our choices settled in. And we are adding significantly to  our non-casino revenue, both in the building of the lagoon and  everything that surround that lake. It's a 1,000-feet x 1,000-  feet in general terms, close to 20 acres of -- 20 or 23 acres of  space, surrounded by a 4,400-foot long boardwalk, that's 18-feet  wide and which is ringed with retail food and beverage and an  additional hotel rooms, convention and meeting space and various  attractions for the 800,000 people a week that come here. And it  includes a new big theater, a new tower of rooms, substantial  expansion of our convention and meeting space and related  entertainment attractions and customer activities that we think  will appeal to a broad range of folks. And having the ability to  have a perimeter that's white sand beaches and a boardwalk seems  to us to be pretty fetching in the middle of the Southern Nevada  desert. We have a unique... 

Joseph Greff: What are you thinking in terms of the timetable? 

Stephen Wynn: I hope to take -- Matt and I hope to take the business plan to  our Board of Directors in the second quarter and therefore, be in  a position to begin work in the fourth quarter of this year. I  say that, but we have to have our prices and our business plan  all locked down before I go to my board to get their permission  to proceed. We keep the board apprised in every meeting and on  every telephone call of our latest nuance in that development.  But the incredible amount of options that were available on this  130 acres with a 1,000-acre feet of private water, the choices  were numerous. And my challenge and my design team that had been  with me for over 35 years has been to make sure that we make the  right choices. And there have been so many of them, it's been  dizzying. But I think that we've nailed it down. We've wrestled  it to the ground. And Maurice, Matt, all of us have a tremendous  amount of confidence that it's the only way forward. I mentioned  that last September -- for example, very interesting. Last  September, there were 30 days in Las Vegas, for example. We won a  $1,870,000 a day in the -- in gaming, and that had to be the  biggest number in America or anywhere but Singapore and Macau in  the world. And as good as that was, $1,870,000 a day, and that  was net of any discounts or promotion allowances, our non-casino  revenue was $3,340,000 a day net of comps. That tells you about  this causal relationship between non-casino revenue and an  integrated resort and casino revenue. It's the non-casino things  that bring the folks and determine their choices of where to play  the games. And so, when we approach the design of the golf course  property, which sits on our books at a cost of 0, that whole  parcel, it's -- has been written off in prior development. We  think that we want to take our non-casino revenue to enormously  high levels because we think that the probability of this 800,000  people a week in this city remaining the same and growing is  almost a certainty. And that's the fundamental assumption about  Las Vegas that leads us to wade in to the convention and non-  casino end of the business with a high degree of confidence and  entertainment as well. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Harry Curtis with  Nomura. 

Harry Curtis: Two quick questions, and welcome, Ciarán. I am -- I wanted to  focus on the growth in VIP in the fourth quarter versus  sequentially from the third quarter just in the market as a  whole. Yet at the same time, the overall trend in mass was flat.  And the -- and I'm -- I would have thought that there would be an  inverse relationship 3 or 4 months ago. So I wanted you guys why  you thought, particularly mass was -- has yet or is slow to take  off given the openings. 

Stephen Wynn: Do you understand that question, Matt? 

Matt Maddox: Yes, I do. I think that if you look back over our history, Harry,  when new properties open, the junkets ramp up much faster than  mass. They get quick injections of liquidity and hit the ground  running. The mass market customers with new openings tend to not  come right away and then find their way to the market more in --  a little more slowly. But junkets pretty much come out of the  gate at 100%. So that's what -- I think what you saw in the  fourth quarter was VIP revenue at $4.1 billion compared to $3.5  billion for the market. In the third quarter, you saw the new  properties really powering the VIP market. 

Stephen Wynn: And then again, with mass, we're still hamstrung, Matt, don't you  think by the barriers that surround our property? 

Matt Maddox: We are, we are, and in areas from out the market overall. Mass  was -- it was pretty much flat from the third quarter, but that  has always, when I look at the data, ramped up more slowly than  VIPs with new properties opening for the -- due to what the  junket operators, how they inject the liquidity straight into the  market. 

Stephen Wynn: Does that get you, Harry? Is that your -- does that answer? 

Harry Curtis: It does. And, Steve, a question for you. You commented about how  bullish you were about making incremental investments in Macau  and China. If you could put that comment into context versus the  -- kind of the rhetoric that's been going on between our new  administration and Xi Jinping's Beijing administration, it's been  strained. What do you think the implications are for Wynn  development in China, given this, at least, initial saber  rattling? 

Stephen Wynn: I think that's probably a good word for it. I'm of the mind and I  have a reason to believe that this position is shared in  Washington. As you know, I am acquainted with the administration.  Several of us in my -- in our business, were sitting within 30-  feet of President Trump when he took his oath of office on the  platform last Friday. We all believe and I mean, all of us, that  the most overwhelmingly important event geopolitically for the  next 50 years is liaison, a constructive liaison between the  People's Republic of China and the United States of America. That  truth is undeniable. That dynamic is unquestioned. Now, there are  issues that are real between 2 dynamic economies like China and  the United States, undeniably. And there's a difference between  free trade and predatory trade. The government in China  understands that it has to do a better job with intellectual  property rights. They do the best they can in China to create  jobs and take people out of poverty, and that makes them very  dynamic in the management of their economy with that single goal  in mind. It affects everything from the way they treat energy, to  create plants and factories, to how they manage the currency and  the movement of currency and their trade policy. The United  States has its own point of view on that subject, and the  President has been really clear during the campaign that he wants  to protect American jobs. Well, that's what they want to do in  China as well. So there's going to have to be a reproach --  there's going to have to be an adjustment. But we basically do  have intelligent people on both sides dealing with this. My own  feeling is that it will resolve itself intelligently. You can  make all kinds of examples. I mean, China controls its currency,  but during QE1, 2 and 3, we devalued the U.S. dollar by close to  20%. So when the Fed in financing a deficit of close to $2  billion a day increases the money supply, well, that's the same  sort of thing, we just do it differently than they do in a  centrally-controlled government like Beijing. But a lot of the  same things are happening on both sides of the ocean, and they're  being done to protect the citizens of those 2 countries. Yet,  there isn't a leader in America or a leader in China that doesn't  understand that when the United States and the People's Republic  of China come together on an intelligent basis, the world is a  better place. I'm in a position to know that, that opinion is  held in Washington and Beijing. And it gives me long-term  confidence in spite of what happens short-term verbally. We  mustn't confuse long-term United States policy with the short-  term conversations that lead to its development. Do I sound like  a politician? That's what happens. That's what happens. We just  spent 4 days in Washington and you get brainwashed. It's a  sickness but it's fascinating and the fact that America is going  through a change is probably the greatest thing that's happened  in my lifetime because we were so on the wrong track for the past  8 years. And I've made no secret about that, and I think we're in  for better times for sure. 

Harry Curtis: To rein this back in towards -- or back towards Wynn in China,  with -- despite these -- the somewhat strained verbal sparring,  you feel confident that additional investment in Macau is coming? 

Stephen Wynn: Absolutely. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Thomas Allen with  Morgan Stanley. 

Thomas Allen: So focusing on Macau in the fourth quarter, I'm comparing the  Wynn Macau property to Wynn Palace. Your VIP turnover was  comparable but your mass drop at Wynn Palace was about 35% lower  than Wynn Macau. As you continue to ramp up Palace, how do you  think that should change? 

Stephen Wynn: Directly related to the physical barriers that surround our  properties, and that only gets better with each passing week and  month this spring. That's my answer about that. There's an awful  lot of people a few hundred yards from our property, but they  can't quite get there, and they will, they positively will, just  like they did in the past. Watch it change. I tell you that it  will change. You can believe me or not believe me, but it's as  simple as that. 

Ian Coughlan: It's also due to Wynn Macau having had 10 years to build up an  incredibly high stable of high-limit players, particularly in  Encore and it will take time to build that at Wynn Palace. Seeing  is believing. It gets better every week. We're seeing a buildup  in our high-limit players and that will continue to grow over the  coming months. 

Thomas Allen: All right. And then just, Stephen, December you sold some of your  Vegas retail to Crown Acquisitions, can you just talk about the  rationale there? 

Stephen Wynn: Matt did that deal which was absolutely perfectly timed for us  and I'll let him describe it. 

Matt Maddox: So we looked at it for multiple reasons. #1, the people that we  partnered with are long-time retailers and in the business. And  so we wanted to continue to control our retail. We sold a  minority stake. We thought it was a good capital raise at a  multiple that double where we trade on the market. And so not  only was it the ability to raise capital to fund future projects  at a really high multiple, but we brought in partners with a lot  of experience in the luxury retail space to complement what we  already do. So for us, it was really a win-win, and we still  control it and consolidate the profits of the retail space  because we have over 50% of the ownership. 

Stephen Wynn: And Haim Chera and his father, Stanley and his -- that whole  Chera family that makes up the Crown organization, they taught us  a few things right off the bat. They gave us a few pointers in  the nuance of how we do our leases that immediately increased our  profitability. 

Stephen Cootey: Yes. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Farley with UBS. 

Robin Farley: I wanted to ask about -- you talked about how Palace is going to  ramp up. At your Analyst Day last year, I think you talked about  a range of kind 6.30% to 8.50% which is a wide range. Is that  still where you're thinking it will ramp? And then similarly, I  think you had talked about Wynn Macau, that you were maybe  factoring in, that it would be sort of 20% or 25%  cannibalization. Is that still -- also, do you think that you  will maybe sort of ramp to that on the downside at Wynn Macau? I  know this quarter was obviously -- it was only down 7% in EBITDA,  but just thinking about what your expectations were originally. 

Stephen Wynn: We don't think there's much cannibalization. That 25%, where did  that come from? 

Stephen Cootey: That was our analyst presentation showing the Wynn Palace, Wynn  Macau market study of over a year ago, back about in April. 

Stephen Wynn: Do you still believe it? 

Stephen Cootey: No. What we've seen is Wynn Macau has held up better than we  anticipated due to all the reasons we just talked about, the  stickiness of the clientele and the 10 years of history. And the  ramp-up of Wynn Palace, as we talked about in our last call, is  taking longer. We actually didn't anticipate all of the  artificial barriers, the construction, not being on the Cotai  Connection, et cetera. So getting to the $600-plus million in  2017, it's going to take longer to ramp just -- than that just  like we said on our last call, but Wynn Macau is actually  performing better than we expected. 

Robin Farley: Oh yes. No, and I wasn't suggesting that, that would be the '17.  I understand that the property opened later and the ramp-up  issues. I'm just wondering if that is still the range where you  think it will ultimately ramp. And then similarly, do you think  that as that ramps, the Wynn Macau will maybe get a little bit  more cannibalization along the lines of what you had originally  thought as well? 

Stephen Wynn: Well, Robin, with regard to the cannibalization, as Macau -- as  the Palace has ramped up, we haven't experienced a  cannibalization downtown. So what we thought before but what  we're seeing now are slightly different in a better way. So the  only way that we can really know, Robin, is to watch the ramp-up  of the Palace and to continually monitor the performance of the  Encore Wynn facility in Macau. You're asking an interesting  question. We are pretty much as you are, an observer of this. So  far, it's been good news. But the biggest thing we're looking  forward to, as these barriers and these obstructions come away,  is the ramp up of our mass business. I would have thought, Robin,  that the cannibalization would have occurred with the junket  operators and that's -- because that's where we thought it would  show up, and it didn't as yet. So if the mass market ramps up in  Cotai, I don't think it's going to affect the mass market of  downtown. That would be -- that would have been our -- that would  have been where we looked for at the least. We would have looked  for at the most in the junkets. And as you see, that's not what's  happening. I think that there's more good news in the mass market  in Cotai for sure because of all these other things we've talked  about, and I'm encouraged by what we're seeing with the junkets.  But I think that the Wynn Palace will get where it's supposed to  get. I think Wynn Macau may stay better than we thought. 

Robin Farley: Great. That's helpful. And then… 

Stephen Wynn: Is that response... 

Robin Farley: Yes, that's just -- so I think what you're saying is that you do  still expect that -- that range that you talked about 9 months  ago, it's still the range ultimately that you'll get to... 

Stephen Wynn: With one exception. With the exemption that we may not experience  the cannibalization levels we mentioned earlier. 

Robin Farley: Right. Right. No, that's great. And then last thing, just  quickly, what percent of rooms are sold for cash at the Cotai  property? 

Stephen Wynn: What about that, Ian? 

Ian Coughlan: So what we've experienced is very similar to the Cotai model.  We're doing around 60% of our rooms are casino -- directly casino  related, more comp-related and 40% are tour and travel, FIT and  wholesale. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shaun Kelley with Bank  of America. 

Shaun Kelley: I just wanted to go back to some of the sequential ramp-up you  guys are starting to see into Q1. From our seat, it's always  getting a little harder to get a sense of what's going on with  the market, kind of on a monthly basis. So I guess my question is  in terms of that big ramp-up that you're continuing to see so far  this year, how much of that would you characterize as the market  versus Palace and your properties continuing to take share? 

Stephen Wynn: Ian, do you have a feel for that question? 

Ian Coughlan: Well, we've -- there was a very pleasant surprise at the end of  the last year and earlier into this year. We had a very strong  Christmas and New Year as a market, a lot of holiday travel, a  lot of holiday travel out of China, and revenues were excellent.  And the sentiment about Chinese New Year is particularly strong.  Last year, Chinese New Year, people were pretty duller entering  it, not expecting much, but this year, at all levels of the  business, people are anticipating a very, very strong Chinese New  Year. 

Stephen Wynn: We are as well in Las Vegas. Maurice is here, and he can address  the -- this next few weeks. 

Maurice Wooden: So we've actually continued to see a great trend that we saw at  the end of last quarter or the last month of last year, into the  earlier part of this year. And our parties and our events are  full. And as far as the amount of credit coming in, it's been  pretty robust. So we're pretty confident that we've seen the kind  of activity that makes us feel comfortable that we've got the  kind of business flow that we've been looking and anticipating  for this year. 

Shaun Kelley: Great, and maybe just to switch gears for a follow-up. Now that  Palace seems to have stabilized a little bit and the ramp-up's  looking pretty secure, could you maybe talk to us how you're  thinking about leverage targets kind of into 2017 and how that  might filter through to possibly looking at the dividend policy  again, how that's sort of fits in your pecking order versus kind  of growth capital? 

Matt Maddox: Well, Shaun, it's Matt. If you look at our balance sheet, we have  significant cash on the balance sheet. We have projects underway.  So I would expect debt to remain fairly constant over the next  couple of years, but EBITDA is growing. So we're not really  interested in paying down a lot of debt right now. At the rate  our EBITDA is growing, leverage is very comfortable, and we have  lots of cash on the balance sheet for future projects. 

Shaun Kelley: So Matt, does that mean that, I guess, to the extent you're  generating positive operating cash flow, there is room to bump  the dividend? Or would it be more fair to kind of think about  being conservative right now, given just all -- just capital  budgets and things that can tend to shift around? 

Stephen Wynn: Well, we have only 100 million shares outstanding, so bumping the  dividend conservatively is not a -- doesn't really change our  financial posture. We're doing $0.50 a quarter and I suppose it's  possible we could go to $0.75 or something, but we haven't  discussed that. We've been more focused on: a, working on our  Macau operation and getting it stabilized; b, finishing what  we're doing here in planning in Las Vegas; and c, putting final  touches on everything that Bob DeSalvio is running in Boston. The  gaming market in America is subject to change. Things happen and  opportunities present themselves. I think that we probably want  to take a look in the next few months and see how all that plays  out before we tinker with any of the kinds of things you're  talking about, like a dividend or anything like that. The  market's moving, opportunities may present themselves and then  that would have to be folded into our planning financially. I  don't think there's just a hell of a lot more to say than that. 

Stephen Cootey: I think that's right. 

Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Trivison with  Gabelli. 

Adam Trivison: Given that you have meaningful operations on both the Peninsula  and in Cotai, I'm interested in your thoughts on how the opening  of the PacOn ferry terminal may affect visitation trends in  Macau? 

Stephen Wynn: What do you thing about that, Ian? 

Ian Coughlan: I think any infrastructure that comes online is going to be good  for Macau. It allows more visitation. It'll certainly the  Peninsula, the current ferry terminal and -- excuse me, it will  help Cotai. The current ferry terminal in Cotai is very temporary  in nature and not a good arrival experience. So we're looking  forward to the opening of it. 

Adam Trivison: Great, that's helpful. And as a follow-up, based on some recent  filings, it looks like there were some small changes made to the  Wynn Boston Harbor floor plans. Can you comment on those changes  and maybe the thinking there? 

Stephen Wynn: DeSalvio, you haven't said anything today. Why don't you chime  in? 

Robert J. DeSalvio: Sure. Yes, we actually got some -- I think we got some very good  learning off of the opening of Palace, and we've been making  shifts in terms of lightening up a little bit on the retail,  increasing some food and beverage and meeting space opportunities  because we thought that would be the right mix for the property.  So we made those adjustments and they're going through final  drawings, and we think it was the right move. 

Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Katz with  Telsey Advisory Group. 

David Katz: I wanted to just -- I know it's been asked from a couple of  different angles, but I wanted to ask about the VIP business and  the degree to which there is market lift. And specifically, how  sustainable you believe the -- I think Ian used the word  excellent in describing the trends. How sustainable you expect  those to be versus how much is the trajectory of ramp-up in that  business because you are now open? 

Stephen Wynn: Good question. And I understand why you ask it again. So there's  market trajectory and then there's our trajectory. We have an  advantage. You remember a few moments ago, Ian used the word  sticky, meaning the customer base was sticky at Wynn Macau. They  like it there and it's hard to pull them out of that place  because it appeals to them on many levels. And what happens is  our trajectory is very much linked to the discovery that  customers make of the superiority of our rooms, of the whole  place and how much fun it is to stay there. So we tend to get  stickier with better players with each passing month. And so, I  have to say that we only make money by paying attention to our  own business. What the market does is very important, of course,  because we're part of it, but we're working on our own trajectory  and we have a definite way of thinking about that and addressing  it. If I understand your question correctly, there's my view. 

David Katz: In other words, you're comfortable with where your trajectory is  headed and the market helps to some degree, but it's like... 

Stephen Wynn: Well, sure because we spent $4.4 billion making sure that we  could feel comfortable. We didn't really leave this to  salesmanship or verbalization by a CEO or any of the other senior  people in the company. We did this by putting our money where our  mouth is, and letting the property speak for itself. And as  people discover it, the property speaks with a very loud,  affirmative voice and says -- and beckons to people. When they  discover our rooms, when they see the facility, they say, "Wow, I  could stay here." Now, it takes a while for them to do that but  they do it. They always have done it, in Nevada, in Mississippi,  in New Jersey. They'll do it in Boston. It's always been the  same. The history of our operations is a straight-line story,  very much like the one that I keep repeating on these calls. And  it's the only thing we understand. 

David Katz: Understood. If I can just ask one more about the construction  disruption that you discussed at the beginning. MGM is on one  side and the degree to which they may be having an impact with  construction disruption today versus when they open which is now  later than what was anticipated. If you can just share some  thoughts about sort of how you see that impact or lack thereof  evolving over the remainder of the year, that would be helpful. 

Stephen Wynn: Okay. You bet I'd like to comment on that. In 1986, I bought the  property that is now known as the Mirage, and I built -- and it  was big enough to hold Treasure Island and the Mirage over a  period of time. But we built the hotel right up against the  Caesars Palace borderline, on the south end of that assembly  because we wanted to be near our neighbors. We thrive in a  competitive environment. We do much better when there is more  people around us, not less because there's a certain percentage  of the people that go to these other hotels to which -- to whom  we appeal in particular. It doesn't do us any good to be alone or  isolated. We want to be snug up against our neighbors because the  more rooms that surround us, the more people, the better chance  we have of attracting them. So we anxiously await the arrival of  SJM and MGM. The reason that the Wynn Macau was such an  overwhelming whopping success was because of its proximity to SJM  to the Arc, to -- what's the other place, Matt, something world? 

Matt Maddox: StarWorld. 

Stephen Wynn: StarWorld. We're surrounded downtown by these people and it  allows us to have an extraordinary, outrageous return on capital.  I think we spent $750 million on the Wynn Macau, and we made like  $100 million dollars a month at one point there. It's because of  our proximity to our neighbors, it's because we're in the midst  of so many visitors that we have the opportunity to exploit our  competitive advantages of facility and service. So we're dying  for MGM to open and SJM to get up and running. We welcome our  neighbors. We're willing to build bridges between the properties,  easy access. And that's one of the reasons why the Sands  experiences such terrific results. It's because of their  connectivity and their proximity to one another. And right now,  we're not enjoying that but we will, I hope, in 2017 at some  point, have the benefit of active, dynamic, well-constructed  neighbors who each brings something to the world of visitors that  makes Macau more powerful. That's the beauty of this development.  Las Vegas and Macau prosper because of the development, not in  spite of it. And we ride that wave like a surfer. So we're  hopeful that they get open in the fourth quarter or the third,  whenever. We haven't anything lately, maybe you have. I haven't  heard when SJM is supposed to open. Does anybody in my team know  what SJM's announcements are? It's a mystery. Hopefully, maybe  when they issue their earnings, they'll talk about it or the  investment community will ask them. Does anybody on this call  know when SJM is supposed to be finished? Do you sir? 

David Katz: I do not. 

Stephen Wynn: Yes. Ian, do you know what the latest completion dates are on our  neighbors? 

Ian Coughlan: Sometime in 2018 for the Lisboa Palace and all therein. And for  MGM, they announce the second half of this year. 

Stephen Wynn: But it's '18 for SJM? 

Ian Coughlan: Yes. 

Stephen Wynn: Well, they're on our south border. That's the least... 

Ian Coughlan: What's going to be interesting is we're going to have a quartet  of quality on the west side of Cotai, Steve. You'll have  ourselves, MGM and SJM, and then with City of Dreams across the  road with their new Morpheus Tower, you have 4 high-quality  projects all within walking distance of each other. So that would  become its own hub in Cotai; the first stop on the light rail  after the new PacOn ferry terminal in the airport. So the  future's very bright for West Cotai. 

Stephen Wynn: I wish it was true in Las Vegas, across the street from us, where  Packard [ph] was going to build and what I think the Malaysian  folks are going to do it. We love having neighbors. The SJM  facility is on the south side of our property and that's not  where the light rail is. The biggest interference we've got is on  the west side which is where Melco and MGM and our front door is, our lake and our gondola and all of our other access points. So we get our biggest slug of reliefs when MGM opens and when they  take down the barricades on the west side in front of our gondola  and our -- in front of our presentation. SJM opening in 2018  probably is -- their construction is the least impactful of the  problem that we've dealt with this year in terms of the  barricades. It's the west side of the property that really is  important to us and that's where we're looking for good news in  the second half or sooner. 

Operator: And there are no more questions at this time. 

Stephen Wynn: Thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking to you in 3 months,  and we'll have maybe more interesting stuff to talk about then.  Meantime, have a nice time. 

Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may  now disconnect.